Prototype presentation, well first
It's basically what we agreed upon,. but just a little bit more specified. Basically in what we discussed, cover and buttons will be made of rubber, yellow colour, black components,. We chose a different type of colour for the menu. A bit darker yellow. And it I guess it's more easier to just paint it on the rubber. So we have it's a bit round shaped,. We chose the buttons to be teletext, okay button, favourite channel and the mute.
We have battery power,. we have advanced chips and the sam the sensor. The sample sensor and for speak recognition anyway. we have sin one curve, a design. Rubber design. And we had a special colour. Suppose yellow is a special colour. You have pushbuttons and an LCD display. You have the total of seventeen Euros in production cost,. What do we scrap. think I had the best solution that I came up with is just to take out the speech recognition. Because the LCD has more support on customer side.
We don't really have a extra function with the speech sample,
So I had to take out the special colour I suppose. and if you want it if you want the custom design, then you can buy the separate covers.
So can't we just basically extend it to thirteen?
The project is a no-go if we go over twelve and a half,. we could take out the curve.
I think the colour is more important than the really the curve,
But the example is because we do offer the the possibility of adding your own custom covers.
Can we then not also change the material? We take plastic for the basic cover
Something that's stuck into my mind is that something that really came forward from the marketing research is that people like the the the the squishy feeling of the spongy feeling of the
We can put those to the to the other covers.
Rubber would increase durability
So why why do we have to keep us on the twelve and a half?
And we got our our orders from the pro from the boss of our company
But we can take a risk.
That's not our decision to take. I think it's the best solution to make those cu custom covers for the design aspect. and keep the functionality between of within the th the boundaries of the your your budget.
But the one that has given us the order to design this. and then tell them okay, we had to drop this and that, just that you know. It is an still an option, but not for this price.
Yeah, it's true. So that's what we gotta go with. just to get it through final,. I say lose the curve. Oh that's true,. Which would, yeah, turn it into something far more ordinary.
I second that.
So we keep the curve. And I'm in favour of keeping the rubber,. because it has more more advantages than the colour yellow has.
Yeah. I would say I would agree with you on the colour,
We're final on that. we could just discuss how the project went. I think it was too bad we didn't have the financial info the last time.
Me too, I felt a bit blind throughout the project,
Because it's good. I mean it's got everything for the for the reasonable price,
Let's eval evaluate the product of us, our design. I will pre present some statements. and we will decided together wha what if it's true or false. So so the buttons, the look and feel.
One and a half.
And the next one yeah, when it's lost you can find it.
So I think it that's that deserves a one. Definitely.
And the next one.
I think the LCD display could be a little bit more difficult then a normal remote control,
It it is pretty straight-forward.
So I might make this a two instead of a one, I guess. You can use the LCD in a good way.
What are we displaying on the LCD screen?
Things like brightness and those kind of things we've put in the menu,
I thought that people wanted previews on their. I don't think it's possible really. with configuring your remote control for favourite your favourite channel for example, how do you configure that. So that could be done by LCD display. I mean the shape is trendy. The the sh the the functions are trendy. It's just the colours that are not supporting the basic model.
Maybe we should go with a two then,
Two and two thirds. mostly it's it's influenced by the fact that we didn't have enough resources to implement speech recognition. 'Cause yeah, that gives you a seven,. I do admit that we did miss a little or didn't sp didn't talk talk enough about the possibility of the LCD display. We could have used it more efficiently,. like I said, changing channels, everything hidden in your LCD display, so you just need the navigation buttons to do everything. For example, I thou I thought we were pretty creative in what we created. I think we did pretty well as team-work though. Because, yeah was very hard to work with one another if you cannot communicate in the meantime,. There was just too little information about what things actually cost and if you could use them. I think a SMARTboard SMARTboard is pretty cool. I think especially for design issues, it's very easy just to give your give your thoughts a little it's easier to share them.
Although for actual design I'd say the response time should be a little bit higher,. The digital pen was definitely better to draw my ideas and to further elaborate on that.
So we cannot work on more than one page at same time. That's not possible.
The one thing we missed though, we don't have a product name. And it's especially on the triple that's important. The Real Reaction Remote.
Triple it is.
Have to write my report now, I guess. Could you guys draw me a picture of the final design to put on the cover of the report?